LAB-1 (Basic Programs)
1. WAP to input two numbers and perform addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
2. WAP to input radius of circle and find its area.
3. WAP to input a number and check odd/even.
4. WAP to input a letter and check vowel/consonant.
5. WAP to find sum of first N natural numbers.
6. WAP to input two numbers and print all numbers between first and second.
7. WAP to print the series:
   *
   **
   ***
   ****
   *****
8. WAP to print all prime numbers 100 to 200.











LAB-2 (Array and Function)
1. WAP to create an array of size "n", input "n" numbers and find their sum.
2. WAP to sort the elements of an array in ascending order.
3. WAP to print the diagonal elements of a matrix.
4. Create a function void check(int n) that checks whether given number is odd/even.
5. Create a function int reverse(int n) that returns the reverse of given number.
6. Create a function int max(int[]) that returns the maximum value in an array.
 





LAB-3 (Object Oriented Concept & Inheritance)
1. Create a class Employee with the instance variables name, age, salary. Create getters and setters. Create a test class and create an object of Employee class, then set and print the employee details.

2. Create a class Employee with the instance variables name, age, salary. Create properties for all the fields. Create a test class and create a student object set the details and display the details of student.

3. WAP to print the area of rectangle by creating a class named "Area" taking the values of its length and breadth as parameters of its constructor and having a method named GetArea() which returns the area of rectangle. Length and breadth of rectangle are entered through the keyboard.

4. Create a class Person with name,age. Create a parameterized constructor to initialize the variables and a method void ShowInfo() to display person details. Create a class Student which is  sub class of Person and add the field  string faculty. Override the method ShowInfo() to display faculty.  Create a class Teacher which is a sub class of Person and add  the field double salary.Override the method ShowInfo() to display salary. Provide a test class and create two objects 1 for Student and 1 for Teacher. Set and Print their details. 

5. Create a class Shape with two instance variables dim1 and dim2 that represent any two dimensions. Provide a parameterized constructor to initialize the variables. Create an abstract method double Area(). Create two subclasses - Rectangle and Triangle and find their area. In the main class create objects of Rectangle and Triangle and show the area.


Lab-4 (Exception Handling, Operator Overloading)
1. WAP to input two integers and print the result by dividing first number with second. Handle DivideByZeroException.
2. WAP to handle IndexOutOfRangeException.
3. WAP to create your own exception class.
4. WAP to add two Time objects that contain the fields int hr,min,s by overloading the "+" operator.
5. WAP to overload the unary operator "--" that reduces the value of an object of Number class that contains the field "int value" by 1. 


LAB-5
Working with GUI Forms
1.Create a Windows Forms Application in which the message "Button is Clicked" should be displayed in a message box when the button is clicked.
2.Create a WFA with a text box and a button. When the button is clicked value of text box should be checked for odd/even.
3.Create a WFA with 2 text box, 1 text area and a button. When the button is clicked, display all numbers from value of text box1 to value of textbox2 in the text area.
4. Create a WFA to perform addition/subtraction/multiplication/division on respective button click.
5. Create a WFA for simple interest calculation.


LAB-6:
Database Connectivity and ASP.NET
------------------------------------
1. WAP to insert id, name, address, faculty into a table when a button is clicked.
2. WAP to display the records (id,name,address,faculty) from a table when the button is clicked.
3. Create a Windows Forms application which takes contains 4 text boxes to input id, name, address, faculty and a Button. WHen the button is clicked, save the provided information into a database table.
4. Create a Windows Forms application with a DataGridView and a button . WHen the button is clicked, the records from database table should be displayed in a DataGridView.
5. Create a web application that contains a form to input two numbers and a submit button. When the button is clicked, write the sum as response.
6. Create a web application that contains a form to input a number and a submit button. When the button is clicked, check the provided number and display "Even" or "Odd" as a response.
7. Write a program to show the use of validation controls in ASP.NET.


LAB-7 (LINQ)
1. Write a program to store name of 5 countries in a List and then display the country names starting with "N" using LINQ.
2. Write a program to store name of 5 countries in a List and then display the country names that contain either with "a" or "i" using LINQ.    
3. Write a program to store Students (name, age, address) into a List and then print only those students who are teenagers using LINQ.
4. Write a program to store Students (name, age, address) into a List and then print only the first student whose name is "Ram" using LINQ.
5. Write a program to store Students (name, age, address) into a List and then print sort them by the "age" in ascending order using LINQ.